# UAV Attack Dataset Card

Source: https://ieee-dataport.org/open-access/uav-attack-dataset

DOI: 10.21227/00dg-0d12

Access status: metadata page downloaded; raw ZIP requires IEEE DataPort login.

Known file: `UAVAttackData.zip`, listed size 683.88 MB.

## Extracted Page Evidence
- : "UAV Attack Dataset", "keywords": [ "Machine Learning", "Security" ], "citation": "https://dx.doi.org/", "creator": { "@type": "Person", "name": "Jason Whelan" }, "url": "https://ieee-dataport.org/open-access/uav-attack-dataset", "description": [ "GPS spoofing and jamming are common attacks against the UAV", "however", "conducting these experiments for research can be difficult in many areas. This dataset consists of a logs from simulation and live fights. Logs include data from a benign flight as well as one where the UAV experiences an attack.Simulated AttacksNote: This is not the most accurate of the data. We recommend using the live GPS Spoofing and Jamming data if possible." ], "license": "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/" } ] } UAV Attack Dataset | IEEE DataPort {"path":{"baseUrl":"\/","pathPrefix":"","currentPath":"node\/2097","currentPathIsAdmin":false,"isFront":false,"currentLanguage":"en"},"pluralDelimiter":"\u00
- topilot v1.11.3 (https://px4.io) is used for all experiments, running on Pixhawk 4 flight controller (PX4_FMU_V5) and Pixhawk GPS receiver. The UAV frame is the Holybro S500. QGroundControl (v4.0.9) is used for GCS (http://qgroundcontrol.com).&nbsp; Full flight data is contained in ULOG files (https://dev.px4.io/v1.9.0/en/log/ulog_file_format.html) CSV files are obtained by conversion using the ulog2csv script (https://github.com/PX4/pyulog/blob/master/pyulog/ulog2csv.py) Need logs to do some testing. Thanks Cristian Bucur Wed, 07/21/2021 - 02:41 Permalink Log in to post comments Need logs to do some testing. Thanks Simona Sorgente Mon, 10/09/2023 - 09:21 Permalink Log in to post comments Please how I can access the dataset, best regards William Bishop Tue, 10/10/2023 - 02:08 Permalink Log in to post comments Dataset Files UAVAttackData.zip (Size: 683.88 MB) UAVAttackData_zip LOGIN TO ACCESS DATASET FILES Open Access dataset files are a
-  Mon, 10/09/2023 - 09:21 Permalink Log in to post comments Please how I can access the dataset, best regards William Bishop Tue, 10/10/2023 - 02:08 Permalink Log in to post comments Dataset Files UAVAttackData.zip (Size: 683.88 MB) UAVAttackData_zip LOGIN TO ACCESS DATASET FILES Open Access dataset files are accessible to all logged in users. Don't have a login? Create a free IEEE account . IEEE Membership is not required. Advertisement QUESTIONS? Send Author a Private Message Report a problem with this Dataset Upload your Dataset How to Upload Dataset Files Directly to AWS IEEE DataPort Subscribers may upload their dataset files directly to IEEE DataPort's AWS S3 file storage. Please read the Upload Your Files directly to the IEEE DataPort S3 Bucket help topic for detailed instructions. You will need the following information to complete your upload: Your AWS Access Key and Secret key, which can be found on your IEEE DataPort User Prof
- s Need logs to do some testing. Thanks Simona Sorgente Mon, 10/09/2023 - 09:21 Permalink Log in to post comments Please how I can access the dataset, best regards William Bishop Tue, 10/10/2023 - 02:08 Permalink Log in to post comments Dataset Files UAVAttackData.zip (Size: 683.88 MB) UAVAttackData_zip LOGIN TO ACCESS DATASET FILES Open Access dataset files are accessible to all logged in users. Don't have a login? Create a free IEEE account . IEEE Membership is not required. Advertisement QUESTIONS? Send Author a Private Message Report a problem with this Dataset Upload your Dataset How to Upload Dataset Files Directly to AWS IEEE DataPort Subscribers may upload their dataset files directly to IEEE DataPort's AWS S3 file storage. Please read the Upload Your Files directly to the IEEE DataPort S3 Bucket help topic for detailed instructions. You will need the following information to complete your upload: Your AWS Access Key and Secret k

## Project Use
Use this source as optional UAV flight-log/telemetry evidence if the authenticated raw ZIP is obtained. It is useful for benign flight, GPS spoofing, GPS jamming, and DoS-related UAV event construction.
